Dear Mr.Chen 

I'm a student from your Data Mining course.
Because I am a part-time student, I have to go to office before 10 o'clock.
I'm glad to take part in the 3rd time video talk because on my vacation.But without preview,I felt difficult taking part in the talk and understand some information. 

Actually I got Shame and frustration after that day.
Without enough time, and I always got pressure from my parents and my girlfriend.So I missed the left lessons until now.
After getting invite from Ms.Tang last Thursday, I agreed to attend the meeting that Friday.But for personal matters, I missed the meeting again.
In my case,it's difficult to finish Data Mining course. So I wish you could forgive my absence.

Be honest,I have finished some courses until now.But I think I have learned little useful information for me.
On the contrary,I get too much pressure from study than my job.

on the last two days, I met some matters and felt confused again.
with some struggles,I have decided that after the end of the school year, I will quit school or quit my job.Only with this way, I can feel better.

Maybe some of the above words are redundant, but I hope to explain my personal situation to you clearly and I wish you could understand and agree to my withdrawal from the course.
Thanks & Best Regards
Yujia Jiang



Unsupervised Learning of Video Representations using LSTMs


https://www.zhuanzhi.ai/document/3ee1fccb74f8ec476df52111fcc2cecb
https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_42137700/article/details/103324667


Self-supervised Representation Learning from Videos for Facial Action Unit Detection
Shuffle and Learn: Unsupervised Learning using Temporal Order Verification. 
Unsupervised Learning of Video Representations using LSTMs.
Unsupervised Learning of Visual Representations using Videos
Tracking Emerges by Colorizing Videos
Self-Supervised Learning of Pretext-Invariant Representation

1）有关的问题是什么，为什么这个问题很重要？ 2）如何解决，完全解决或部分解决问题？ 3）它与您阅读过的其他论文有没有关系？
所关注的问题是什么？已完成的工作？将要完成的工作？
